Refactor to avoid using the BOARD cmake variable (#192)
astarte-platform/astarte-device-sdk-zephyr: samples/README.md

## Samples organization

The sample app in this folder contains code to send all data types supported by astarte.
The sample folder also contains:
- Board specific overlays and configurations. Contained in the `common/boards` folder.
- Common source code for generic Ethernet/Wifi connectivity, TLS settings plus some utilities for
  generation of standard datasets.

Some configuration and cmake utilites are stored in a shared `common` folder that does not contain
any valid zephyr application. This folder also contains common Astarte interfaces shared by the
samples and the tests. These interfaces have been designed to be generic in order for the
`astarte_app` sample to demonstrate as much functionality as possible.

> The interfaces are defined in JSON filed sontained in the `common/interfaces` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The interfaces are defined in JSON files contained in the `common/interfaces` folder.
```
